content/contact.rst, before:

Contacts
========
:slug: contact
:category: Contact us

Email is the only reliable way of contacting Kernel.org administrators.

General contacts
----------------

webmaster@kernel.org:
    General requests and comments about kernel.org infrastructure.

ftpadmin@kernel.org:
    Questions or comments about kernel.org mirrors.

keys@kernel.org:
    Account requests (see FAQ_)

**Please do not send general Linux questions or bug reports to these
addresses. We do not have the resources to reply to them.**

Please try the following sites for general Linux help:

* http://superuser.com/ - for computer enthusiasts and power users
* http://serverfault.com/ - for systems administrators
* http://askubuntu.com/ - for users of Ubuntu Linux

Linux Foundation also offers training opportunities if you are
interested in learning more about Linux, want to become a more
proficient Linux systems administrator, or want to know more about how
Linux can help your company succeed.

* http://training.linuxfoundation.org/

Mailing address
---------------
Please send any mail correspondence to the Linux Foundation:

    .. line-block::

        The Linux Foundation
        660 York Street, Suite 102
        San Francisco, CA 94110
        Phone/Fax: +1 415 723 9709

.. _FAQ: |filename|faq.rst

Commit message:

updated the contact page to reflect lug contacts

content/contact.rst, after:

Contacts
========
:slug: contact
:category: Contact
:date: 2014-02-09

Mailing List
------------

Subscribe to the ChicagoLUG mailing list, or `view the archives`_. Our mailing
list is hosted by Google Groups.

.. html::
  
    <form action="http://groups.google.com/group/chicagolinux-discuss/boxsubscribe">
      <p><label for="google_email">Email: </label><input id="google_email"
      type=text name=email /><input type=submit name="sub" value="Subscribe" /></p>
    </form>


Social Media
------------

Announcements about meetings and events will be posted to this site and to our
social media outlets.

- `Identi.ca`_

- `Google Plus`_

- `Twitter`_

- `Meetup.com`_


Internet Relay Chat (IRC)
-------------------------

The ChicagoLUG IRC channel is #chicagolug on irc.freenode.net.



.. _`view the archives`: http://groups.google.com/group/chicagolinux-discuss
.. _`Google Plus`: https://plus.google.com/110920643277848720575?prsrc=3
.. _`Twitter`: https://twitter.com/chicagolug
.. _`Identi.ca`: https://identi.ca/chicagolug
.. _`Meetup.com`: http://www.meetup.com/Windy-City-Linux-Users-Group/
