June 2013 ChicagoLUG meeting and hackfest
=========================================

:date: 2013-06-29 12:00
:tags: Sten Turpin, Jim Campbell, OpenShift, Documentation, Mallard
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2013-06-29
:summary: "The Meeting of Open." Topics include Red Hat's OpenShift 'Platform as a Service' offering, and a recap of interesting details from the Open Help user help / user support conference.
 
We've scheduled our June meeting for `Saturday, June 29th`, starting at 12:00pm
at `Pumping Station: One`_. Early birds typically start showing up by about
11:40 or so. All are welcome.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Sten Turpin of Red Hat will be presenting on OpenShift, Red Hat's new Platform
as a Service offering. Also, Jim Campbell will be presenting on some highlights
from the recent Open Help user help / user support conference in Cincinnati. 
Jim's talk will also include a basic introduction to using Mallard, the
documentation format used by the GNOME documentation project.

Hacking
-------

As per usual, several of us will hack on GNOME-related projects, but feel free
to bring whatever project that you want to work on.

If you need help with setting-up or fixing your computer, please let us know
in advance so that we can plan accordingly.

Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the `GNOME Foundation`_,
but it's typically a good idea to bring a few dollars if you want to partake
of pizza and drinks.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/psone312
.. _`GNOME Foundation`: https://www.gnome.org/foundation/
