May 2013 Meeting and Hackfest of the ChicagoLUG
===============================================

:date: 2013-05-25 12:00
:tags: William Giokas, George Lesica, systemd, The R Project
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2013-05-25
:summary: William Giokas will take us into the world of systemd without insulting Lennart Poettering. George Lesica will show off some of the handy statistical features of the R project.
 
We've scheduled our May meeting for Saturday, May 25th, starting at 12:00pm
at `Pumping Station: One`_. Early birds typically start showing up by about
11:40 or so. If you're there early, just sit tight. If you show up late, please
knock loudly on the door so we can hear you from upstairs.

Speaking Topics
---------------

William Giokas is set to talk on `systemd`_,  and George Lesica is also
tentatively set to speak on `R`_. We will provide final confirmation as we get
closer to the meeting date.

Hacking
-------

As per usual, several of us will hack on GNOME-related projects, but feel free
to bring whatever project that you want to work on.

If you need help with setting-up or fixing your computer, please let us know
in advance so that we can plan accordingly.

Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the `GNOME Foundation`_, but it's
typically a good idea to bring a few dollars if you want to partake of pizza
and drinks.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone
.. _`systemd`: http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd
.. _`R`: http://r-project.org
.. _`GNOME Foundation`: https://www.gnome.org/foundation/
