November 2013 meeting and hackfest of the ChicagoLUG
====================================================

:date: 2013-11-16 14:30
:tags: Erik Johnson, SaltStack
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2013-11-16
:summary: Erik Johnson will talk about and demonstrate the features of SaltStack, a server orchestration and configuration tool. We'll also have time to work on Projects

We've scheduled our next meeting for Saturday, November 16, starting at 2:30pm.
We'll be meeting at our regular spot, `Pumping Station: One`_. All are welcome,
and we look forward to seeing you there!

Speaking Topics
---------------

Erik Johnson will be giving an introduction to `SaltStack`_, a server
orchestration and configuration tool. We'll learn how to use SaltStack on
CentOS to configure and manage Ubuntu, OpenSUSE and FreeBSD servers. Erik is a
Python Engineer with SaltStack, and also organizes the
`Fox Valley Linux User Group`_ in Aurora.

We'll use our remaining time to work on the new version of the ChicagoLUG
website.

Hacking
-------

As per usual, several of us will also hack on GNOME-related projects, but feel
free to bring whatever project that you want to work on.

If you need help with setting-up or fixing your computer, please let us know
in advance so that we can plan accordingly.


Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the `GNOME Foundation`_, but it's
typically a good idea to bring a few dollars if you want to partake of pizza
and drinks.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone
.. _`SaltStack`: http://www.saltstack.com
.. _`Fox Valley Linux User Group`: http://www.meetup.com/FoxValleyLUG/
.. _`GNOME Foundation`: https://www.gnome.org/foundation/
