August 2013 meeting and hackfest of the ChicagoLUG
==================================================

:date: 2013-08-24 12:00
:tags: Bonnie King, Gregorie Thomas, Scientific Linux, Security
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2013-08-24
:summary: Learn about Scientific Linux and how the team at Fermilab puts it together, and also learn a bit about server security from a Linux sysadmin.
 
We've scheduled our August meeting for Saturday, August 24th, starting at
12:00pm at `Pumping Station: One`_. Early birds typically start showing up by
about 11:40 or so. All are welcome.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Bonnie King of `Fermilab`_ will be giving a talk on
`Scientific Linux`_, a Linux distribution built from publicly available open
source SRPMS provided by "a prominent North American Enterprise Linux vendor."
From the website, "Scientific Linux is a Linux release put together by
Fermilab, `CERN`_, and various other labs and universities around the world.
Its primary purpose is to reduce duplicated effort of the labs, and to have a
common install base for the various experimenters." 

Gregorie Thomas will also present on basic linux server security.

Hacking
-------

As per usual, several of us will hack on GNOME-related projects, but feel free
to bring whatever project that you want to work on.

If you need help with setting-up or fixing your computer, please let us know
in advance so that we can plan accordingly.

Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the `GNOME Foundation`_,
but it's typically a good idea to bring a few dollars if you want to partake
of pizza and drinks.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone/
.. _`Fermilab`: https://www.fnal.gov/
.. _`Scientific Linux`: https://www.scientificlinux.org/
.. _`CERN`: http://home.web.cern.ch/
.. _`GNOME Foundation`: https://www.gnome.org/foundation/
