December meeting and holiday festivities
========================================

:date: 2013-12-14 12:00
:tags: Bonnie King, Jeff Schroeder, Software Collections, Graphite
:category: Meetings
:slug: 2013-12-14
:summary: Bonnie King will talk about Red Hat Software Collections, and Jeff Schroeder will discuss the Graphite project. We'll also have holiday festivities.


We've scheduled our next meeting for Saturday, December 14th, starting at
12:00pm. We'll be meeting at our regular spot,
`Pumping Station: One`_.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Bonnie King will discuss `Red Hat Software Collections`_, and how they're
packaged and used in Scientific Linux. 

Jeff Schroeder will also discuss the `Graphite Project`_. Graphite stores
numeric time-series data, and render graphs of this data on demand.


Hacking . . . we will have none. Festivities . . . we will have them.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Unlike regular meetings, we will not be hacking. Instead, we'll have holiday
good times.

Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the
`GNOME Foundation`_,
but it's typically a good idea to bring a few dollars if you want to partake
of pizza and drinks.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/psone312/
.. _`Red Hat Software Collections`: http://www.zdnet.com/keeping-your-red-hat-enterprise-linux-current-7000020688/
.. _`GNOME Foundation`: https://www.gnome.org/foundation/
.. _`Graphite Project`: http://graphite.wikidot.com/start

