February 2013 Meeting and Hackfest of the ChicagoLUG
====================================================

:date: 2013-02-16 12:00
:tags: Meg Ford, Michael Larabel, Developer Tools, Wayland
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2013-02-16
:summary: Meg Ford will report on outcomes from the recent GNOME developer tools hackfest, and Michael Larabel will bring us up to speed on the Wayland display server.
 
Our next meeting is set for Saturday, February 16th, starting at 12:00pm, and
we have a great set of talks lined up for this meeting.

`Meg Ford`_ will be reporting on the outcomes from the recent GNOME
developertools hackfest in Belgium. There was much discussion at the hackfest
around GObject bindings, dynamic vs. statically typed languages,
and debugging large applications written in dynamic languages. Meg will provide
the scoops on all of it.

`Michael Larabel`_ will be giving a talk on the
`Wayland`_ Display Server. Michael has covered the development of Wayland as
part of his reporting for `Phoronix`_, and should have much to share with us. 

Following-up on prior meetings, we may also include a lightning talk or two on
Emacs. We will include these as time permits.

As usual, the event will be at Chicago's Pumping Station: One, located at 
3519 North Elston in Chicago. Talks and speaking order are subject to change.

People of all ability levels are welcome to join us, learn more Clang/Linux, 
and contribute. If you have any questions, feel free to be in touch via our
mailing list or any of our social media channels.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Meg Ford`: http://fordmeg.blogspot.com/
.. _`Michael Larabel`: http://www.michaellarabel.com/
.. _`Wayland`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wayland_%28display_server_protocol
.. _`Phoronix`: http://www.phoronix.com
