ChicagoLUG Certification Prep: Session Four 
=============================================
:date: 2014-09-10 18:30
:tags: ChicagoLUG, Certification Prep
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-09-10
:summary: The fourth session in our Linux Certification Prep series. We'll continue to work through the exame objectives for the LPI series of certifications.

This will be the fourth session in our biweekly Linux Certification Prep
series. We'll be meeting on Wednesday, September 10th at the `Realtor Building`_
at `430 North Michigan Avenue`_. Our discussions will begin at 6:30pm, and
we anticipate that this session will run until about 8:00-8:30.

Meeting Agenda & Request For RSVP
----------------------------------

We will continue to work through the `LPI`_ series of certification objectives,
starting with the `Essentials`_ material, and proceeding
to the information in the `LPIC-1`_ and `LPIC-2`_ exam objectives.

Space is limited to 20 participants, so please RSVP on our `meetup page`_ so
we know who will be attending.

If You're New or Have Missed Prior Sessions
********************************************

We have taken notes for each session on our Etherpad, and links for each session
are listed below. (Note that the username / password for each page is just
chicagolug / chicagolug.):

Notes for each session: `Session One`_ / `Session Two`_ / `Session Three`_ 

Official Statement of Welcomeness
**********************************

Everyone is welcome regardless of skill level. Yes, some people have more
experience than others, but we can all learn from each other. These will be
*group* learning sessions.  We hope to see you soon!

.. _`Realtor Building`: http://www.chicagoarchitecture.info/Building/3498/Realtor-Building.php
.. _`430 North Michigan Avenue`: https://goo.gl/maps/RLcYT
.. _`LPI`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications
.. _`Essentials`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/entry-level-credential/linux-essentials
.. _`LPIC-1`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-1
.. _`LPIC-2`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-2
.. _`meetup page`: http://www.meetup.com/Windy-City-Linux-Users-Group/events/qrfklkyslbkc/
.. _`Session One`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-07-30
.. _`Session Two`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-08-13
.. _`Session Three`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-08-27
