August 2014 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
=====================================
:date: 2014-08-23 14:00
:tags: Michael McCune, DNS, PPT Karaoke, LinuxCon
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-08-23
:Pin: true
:summary: We've confirmed the date for our August, 2014, general meeting. Michael McCune will be giving an introductory talk on DNS, and we'll also have time for PPT Karaoke LinuxCon Edition.

We've confirmed our meeting date and time for our August, 2014, general
meeting. We've decided on Saturday, August 23rd, starting at 2:00pm. 

Please note that for this meeting we'll be getting together at a *new
location*, `Free Geek Chicago`_! We hope you'll be able to join us!

Speaking Topics
---------------

Michael McCune will be giving an introductory talk on DNS, including what it
is, how it works, and how you can set up your own Bind DNS server.

Following-up on Mike's talk, we'll also have time for *PPT Karaoke, LinuxCon
Edition*. We'll use slides from LinuxCon talks to share speaking topics that
people may have missed at the conference. The presentation content will be
top-notch, though the presentations style may be a bit off-tune and behind the
beat.

LUG Business
-------------

This is going to be our first meeting at Free Geek Chicago, so we'll talk
briefly about opportunities to participate with each other. We'll also discuss
the status and plans for our ongoing Certification Prep series.

Foodstuffs
-----------

We will have pizza, and you're welcome to bring soda of your choosing, but
kindly note that Free Geek does not allow consumption of alchohol on premises.

.. _`Free Geek Chicago`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/freegeek-chicago.html

