ChicagoLUG Certification Prep: Session Three 
=============================================
:date: 2014-08-27 18:30
:tags: ChicagoLUG, Certification Prep
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-08-27
:summary: The third formal session in our Linux Certification Prep series. We'll continue to work through the exame objectives for the LPI series of certifications.

This will be the third formal session in our biweekly Linux Certification Prep
series. We'll be meeting on Wednesday, August 27th at the `Realtor Building`_
at `430 North Michigan Avenue`_. Our discussions will begin at 6:30pm, and
we anticipate that this session will run until about 8:00-8:30.

Meeting Agenda & Request for RSVP
----------------------------------

We will continue to work through the `LPI`_ series of certification objectives,
starting with the `Essentials`_ material, and proceeding
to the information in the `LPIC-1`_ and `LPIC-2`_ exam objectives. Notes from
our prior meeting are available on our `Etherpad`_ (username / password:
chicagolug / chicagolug).

*For this meeting, please come prepared with three example shell scripts, as
we'll be working through shell scripting during this session*.

Space is limited to 20 participants, so please RSVP on our `meetup page`_ so
we know who will be attending.

If You Can't Make It
********************

Not everyone will be able to attend every session, so it is the responsibility
of attendees to take good notes. 

We'll continue to take collaborative notes on our LUG Etherpad, and will make
the notes available after the meeting.


Official Statement of Welcomeness
**********************************

Everyone is welcome regardless of skill level. Yes, some people have more
experience than others, but we can all learn from each other. These will be
*group* learning sessions.  We hope to see you soon!

.. _`Realtor Building`: http://www.chicagoarchitecture.info/Building/3498/Realtor-Building.php
.. _`430 North Michigan Avenue`: https://goo.gl/maps/RLcYT
.. _`Etherpad`: https://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-08-13
.. _`LPI`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications
.. _`Essentials`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/entry-level-credential/linux-essentials
.. _`LPIC-1`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-1
.. _`LPIC-2`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-2
.. _`meetup page`: http://www.meetup.com/Windy-City-Linux-Users-Group/events/199547982/
