December 2014 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
======================================== 
:date: 2014-12-13 14:00
:tags: Andrew Spalding, Ruby
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-12-13
:summary: We currently have one talk lined-up for our December meeting - Andrew Spaulding of 8th Light will be speaking on test-driven development with Ruby, and will also have a short workshop to take us through the test-driven development approaches that he uses. We are also looking to add a second speaker, and will update our meeting page as we get closer to the meeting.

The meeting is set for Saturday, December 13th, starting at 2:00pm. We'll be
meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_.

Speaking Topics
---------------

We currently have one speaking topic lined-up for our December meeting - 
Andrew Spalding from 8th Light will give a talk and short workshop on Test
Driven Development using Ruby, and will also have a short workshop to take us
through the test-driven development approaches that he uses

We're looking to add a second topic, and will be updating our meeting page with
more information as the meeting date approaches.

Foodstuffs
----------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
