GBeers - LinuxCon Chicago Edition
==================================
:date: 2014-08-21 20:00
:tags: GNOME, GBeers, LinuxCon
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-08-21
:Pin: true
:summary: Join fellow LinuxCon and Chicago GNOME enthusiasts for *GBeers: LinuxCon Chicago Edition*. GBeers is a global initiative to get GNOME enthusiasts and contributors together around a pint or two. For our GBEERS event we'll be getting together at Howell's & Hood, a restaurant and pub located just a short walk from the LinuxCon hotel.

Imagine that you've had a long day at LinuxCon and want to unwind with a drink
and some light-yet-interesting conversation, but you don't know where to go.
Why not join some local Chicago GNOME'rs for a few drinks at *GBeers: LinuxCon
Chicago Edition*?

When and Where Will GBeers Take Place?
--------------------------------------

We'll be getting together on Thursday, August 21st at 8:00pm. The location is
set as `Howells & Hood`_, a restaurant and pub at 435 North Michigan Avenue.
It's about `a two-block walk`_ from the LinuxCon hotel.

Sounds Interesting. Can You Really Promise Light-Yet-Interesting Conversation?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No, we can't promise this, really. In fact, you should read our Disclaimer of
Warranty so that you know exactly what you're getting yourself into.

Respondez S'il Vous Plait
--------------------------

If you decide that GBEERS is still worth the risk, we request that you let us
know of your planned attendance so that we can make any necessary reservations.
You can RSVP on either our `Meetup page`_ or the `GNOME Wiki`_. If you're Linus
Torvalds, and you want to attend but don't want everyone to know that you'll be
there, just put yourself down as, "Sammy Rootbeer." No one will know it's you.

We look forward to seeing you!

Disclaimer of Warranty
-----------------------

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR OUR GBEERS GATHERING, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE GBEERS ORGANIZERS
AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE GBEERS EVENT “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF LIGHT-YET-INTERESTING CONVERSATION AND THAT THE ATTENDEES COULD
BE DESCRIBED AS FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY
OF GBEERS IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE GBEERS EVENT PROVE BORING, YOU STILL ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY DRINKS, APPETIZERS OR MEAL ITEMS THAT YOU PURCHASE.


.. _`Howells & Hood`: http://www.howellsandhood.com/
.. _`a two-block walk`: http://goo.gl/maps/xevzw
.. _`meetup page`: http://www.meetup.com/Windy-City-Linux-Users-Group/events/197649892/
.. _`GNOME Wiki`: https://wiki.gnome.org/Events/LinuxConChicagoBeers
