June 2014 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
==================================== 
:date: 2014-06-28 15:00
:tags: Jim Campbell, Joshua Calloway, OpenVPN, Docker
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-06-28
:summary: We have two talks lined-up for our June meeting - OpenVPN and Docker. With regards to OpenVPN, we'll look at how to set up a VPN server so that we can use the internet a bit more securely over less-than-secure networks. Additionally, we'll be exploring the new tool for building Linux containers, Docker. We'll get an introduction to how it works and how we can use it to deploy applications.

We're planning two presentations for our June meeting, and we're also planning
to venture out to a neighborhood pub for post-meeting socializing.

The meeting is set for Saturday, June 28th, starting at 3:00pm. We'll be
meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_.

Speaking Topics
---------------

We have two speaking topics lined-up for our June meeting: OpenVPN and Docker.

With regards to `OpenVPN`_, Jim Campbell will take us through why we use it, and
what advantages it provides over something like basic SSH. Jim will also give
us step-by-step instructions on how to set up and use our own OpenVPN server.

In addition to that, Joshua Calloway will give us an introduction to `Docker`_,
a software tool for building and managing Linux containers. Docker containers
allow you to run the same application, unchanged, on laptops, data center VMs,
and any cloud. We'll go through Docker setup, the Docker registry, creating
Docker files, and will also have some time for demos and Q&A.

Foodstuffs
----------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

Post-Meeting Social Time
------------------------

Have you noticed that it's not 16 degrees below zero lately? We've noticed.
We'd like to celebrate by spending some time socializing. We've selected
`Chief O'Neill's Pub`_ as our venue of choice for our socializing, as it's just
down the block from our meeting space. We'll be making our way down to the pub
after our meeting, and we hope you'll be able to join us.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`OpenVPN`: http://www.openvpn.net
.. _`Docker`: http://docker.com
.. _`Chief O'Neill's Pub`: http://chiefoneillspub.com/
