March 2014 Meeting and Pre-meeting hackfest
===========================================

:date: 2014-03-29 14:00
:tags: Brian Kroll, Joel Luellwitz, arkOS, GPG, Enigmail
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-03-29
:summary: Learn about arkOS, a platform for hosting a personal cloud on embedded linux devices, and also learn basic and advanced uses of GPG and Enigmail.

We've scheduled our next meeting for Saturday, March 29th, with formal talks
starting at 2:00 pm. We'll be meeting at our regular spot,
`Pumping Station: One`_.

For those who are interested, we'll also have some time before the meeting for
some informal project hacking. The informal, pre-meeting hacking will start at
12:00 pm. If you don't want to work on projects, feel free to just show up
close to 2:00 pm.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Brian Kroll will teach us about `arkOS`_, a Raspberry Pi-based platform that
allows you to host your own website, email, “cloud” and more.

Joel Luellwitz will also take us through basic and advanced uses of `GPG`_
and `Enigmail`_.

Hacking
-------

We'll have time to hack on projects both before and after our talks. Both
hacking times are entirely optional.

Pre-meeting hacking will start at about noon. Bring something that you've been
working on, and others will be there to do work as well. We can help each other
or just work quietly.

Post-meeting hacking will take place after the talks. It can get a little noisy
after the talks, but you can still get stuff done if you're focused.  :)

Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the
`GNOME Foundation`_, but it's typically a good idea to bring a few dollars
if you want to partake of pizza and drinks.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/psone312/
.. _`arkOS`: https://arkos.io
.. _`GPG`: http://www.gnupg.org/
.. _`Enigmail`: https://www.enigmail.net/home/index.php
.. _`GNOME Foundation`: https://www.gnome.org/foundation/
