ChicagoLUG Certification Prep: Session Six
=============================================
:date: 2014-10-15 18:30
:tags: ChicagoLUG, Certification Prep
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-10-15
:summary: The sixth session in our Linux Certification Prep series. We'll continue to work through the exame objectives for the LPI series of certifications.

This will be the sixth session in our biweekly Linux Certification Prep series.
We'll be meeting on Wednesday, October 15th, at the
`Realtor Building`_ at `430 North Michigan Avenue`_. Our discussions
will begin at 6:30pm, with the session running until about 8:00-8:30pm.

Meeting Agenda & Request For RSVP
----------------------------------

We've made a lot of progress! We're now at the tail end of topics in the
`LPIC-1`_ exam objectives, and during this session we'll continue our
networking discussions and move into mail server setup.

Space is limited to 20 participants, so please RSVP on our `meetup page`_ so
we know who will be attending.

If You're New or Have Missed Prior Sessions
********************************************

We have taken notes for each session on our Etherpad, and links for each session
are listed below. (Note that the username / password for each page is just
chicagolug / chicagolug.):

Notes for each session: `Session One`_ / `Session Two`_ / `Session Three`_ /
`Session Four`_ / `Session Five`_.

Official Statement of Welcomeness
**********************************

Everyone is welcome regardless of skill level. Yes, some people have more
experience than others, but we can all learn from each other. These will be
*group* learning sessions.  We hope to see you soon!

.. _`Realtor Building`: http://www.chicagoarchitecture.info/Building/3498/Realtor-Building.php
.. _`430 North Michigan Avenue`: https://goo.gl/maps/RLcYT
.. _`LPI`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications
.. _`Essentials`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/entry-level-credential/linux-essentials
.. _`LPIC-1`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-1
.. _`LPIC-2`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-2
.. _`meetup page`: http://www.meetup.com/Windy-City-Linux-Users-Group/events/206537022/ 
.. _`Session One`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-07-30
.. _`Session Two`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-08-13
.. _`Session Three`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-08-27
.. _`Session Four`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-09-10
.. _`Session Five`: http://etherpad.chicagolug.org/p/certs-2014-10-01
