ChicagoLUG Certification Prep: Session One
==========================================
:date: 2014-07-30 18:30
:tags: ChicagoLUG, Certification Prep
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-07-30
:summary: The first formal session in our Linux Certification Prep series.

This will be the first formal session in our ongoing Linux Certification Prep
series. We'll be meeting on Wednesday, July 30th in the first-floor lounge
of `Pumping Station: One`_. Our discussions will begin at 6:30pm, and we
anticipate that this session will run until about 8:00-8:30.

Meeting Agenda & Request for RSVP
----------------------------------

At our last meeting we agreed to work from the `LPI`_ series of
certifications, starting with the `Essentials`_ material, and proceeding
to the information in the `LPIC-1`_ and `LPIC-2`_ exam objectives. We will
be continuing through the *Essentials* material during this meeting.

Space is limited to 20 participants, so please RSVP on our `meetup page`_ so
we know who will be attending.

If You Can't Make It
********************

Not everyone will be able to attend every session, so it is the responsibility
of attendees to take good notes. 

We'll be taking collaborative notes on our LUG Etherpad, and will make the
notes available after the meeting.


Official Statement of Welcomeness
**********************************

Everyone is welcome regardless of skill level. Yes, some people have more
experience than others, but we can all learn from each other. These will be
*group* learning sessions.  We hope to see you soon!

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`LPI`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications
.. _`Essentials`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/entry-level-credential/linux-essentials
.. _`LPIC-1`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-1
.. _`LPIC-2`: https://www.lpi.org/linux-certifications/programs/lpic-2
.. _`meetup page`: http://www.meetup.com/Windy-City-Linux-Users-Group/events/197440622/
