May 2014 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
==================================

:date: 2014-05-10 14:00
:tags: Freddy Martinez, Tor
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2014-05-10
:summary: Learn how to deploy a TOR middle relay, and more! (Some topics are still TBD.)

We've scheduled our next meeting for Saturday, May 10th, with formal talks
starting at 2:00 pm. We'll be meeting at the most excellent hackerspace,
`Pumping Station: One`_.

We're also likely to have time for working on projects together, and will provide more
info about that as we get closer to the meeting date.


Speaking Topics
---------------

Freddy Martinez will take us through building and deploying our own TOR `middle
relay`_. This marks a continuation of rather technical, security and privacy related
talks at ChicagoLUG.

We'll have an additional speaker lined up in time for the meeting, but our second
speaker is currently TBD.


Foodstuffs
----------

We're going to be creative about footstuffs this month, venturing away from
the great but pricey `Pat's Pizza`_, and trying something new. Perhaps
`Pizza Metro`_, as they make a good pie and have some sweet coupons. 

It's typically a good idea to bring a few dollars if you want to partake
of pizza, but you aren't required to donate.

Bringing a beverage of your choice to share is always welcome, too. Not
everyone drinks beer, so feel free to be creative if you so desire.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`middle relay`: https://www.eff.org/torchallenge/what-is-tor
.. _`Pat's Pizza`: http://patspizza.info/
.. _`Pizza Metro`: http://pizzametro.com

