February 2014 Meeting and Pre-meeting hackfest
==============================================

:summary: Learn how the University of Chicago sysadmins use Puppet to manage their server infrastructure.
:date: 2014-01-26 11:05
:category: Meetings
:slug: 2014-02-22
:tags: Lincoln Bryant, To Be Decided

We've scheduled our next meeting for Saturday, February 22nd, with formal talks
starting at 2:00 pm. We'll be meeting at our regular spot, 
`Pumping Station: One`_.

For those who are interested, we'll also have some time before the meeting for
some informal project hacking. The informal, pre-meeting hacking will start at
12:00 pm. If you don't want to work on projects, feel free to just show up
close to 2:00 pm.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Lincoln Bryant of the University of Chicago will show us how university
sysadmins use `Puppet`_ to manage their servers.

We may have an additional talk lined-up, as well. More details will be
forthcoming shortly.

Hacking
-------

We'll have time to hack on projects both before and after our talks. Both
hacking times are entirely optional.

Pre-meeting hacking will start at about noon. Bring something that you've been
working on, and others will be there to do work as well. We can help each other
or just work quietly.

Post-meeting hacking will take place after the talks. It can get a little noisy
after the talks, but you can still get stuff done if you're focused.  :)

Foodstuffs
----------

Some funds for food and drink are supplied by the
`GNOME Foundation`_, but it's typically a good idea to bring a few dollars
if you want to partake of pizza and drinks.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone/
.. _`Puppet`: http://docs.puppetlabs.com/puppet/
.. _`GNOME Foundation`: https://www.gnome.org/foundation/
