April 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
==================================== 
:date: 2015-04-25 14:00
:tags: Jake Weisz, Lincoln Bryant, Sandstorm.io, The Linux Kernel
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-04-25
:summary: We will be taking a look at a web-application deployment platform, Sandstorm.io, as well as learning how to roll our own kernel for hardware enablement, performance and security. 

The meeting is set for Saturday, April 25th, starting at 2:00pm. We'll be
meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_.

Speaking Topics
--------------------
 
Jake Weisz, Sandstorm.io
**************************************************************
Jake Weisz will be taking us through the features and functionality of
Sandstorm.io, a web-application deployment platform. It aims to ease
the pains of application deployment for many common web applications.

Lincoln Bryant, Rolling your own kernel for fun. And for hardward enablement, and for performance and security.
****************************************************************************************************************
As a systems administrator at the University of Chicago, Lincoln has a great
deal of experience in using custom kernels to support new hardware, to increase
system performance, and to improve system security. He'll pass along some of
his tips and tricks during this month's talk.

Foodstuffs
--------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
