March 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
==================================== 
:date: 2015-03-21 14:00
:tags: Sten Turpin, Ian McLeod, Project Atomic, Fedora
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-03-21
:summary: Sten Turpin of Red Hat will take us through an introduction to Project Atomic on Fedora, and Ian McLeod will show us a bit of how the Fedora distribution gets built. 

The meeting is set for Saturday, February 28th, starting at 2:00pm. We'll be
meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_.

Speaking Topics
--------------------
 
Ian McLeod - Linux Charcuterie - How the Linux Sausage is Made
**************************************************************
Ian McLeod will take a look at the entire chain of building a distribution from start
to finish, exploring how source is packaged and built, and then complex combinations
of packages are joined together to make a cohesive Linux distribution. His talk will
include include details of how this all works in a diverse set of environments - from
aging x86 hardware to public cloud environments, Linux containers, and
immutable systems. 


Sten Turpin - Fedora and Project Atomic
*****************************************
Sten Turpin will build on Ian's talk, giving an overview of Red Hat's new,
container-focused platform, `Project Atomic`_ . Basing his talk around the
Fedora-based version of the project, he'll demonstrate how to deploy and use
Project Atomic on the Amazon AWS infrastructure.

Foodstuffs
--------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Project Atomic`: https://projectatomic.io
