February 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
======================================== 
:date: 2015-02-28 14:00
:tags: Joel Luellwitz, Encryption, Dotfiles
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-02-28
:summary: We have a primary talk, and a lightning talk series lined-up for this meeting. Joel Luellwitz will be doing a deep-dive on disk encryption from an administrator's point of view, covering some rather complex scenarios. We'll also have a "Dotfiles Showdown." This will be a series of lightning talks where we each share our favorite, productivity-enhancing dotfiles. 

The meeting is set for Saturday, February 28th, starting at 2:00pm. We'll be
meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_.

Speaking Topics
---------------
 
Disk Encryption: A Deep Dive for Adminstrators
***********************************************
                                
Joel Luellwitz will kick things off with a discussion around disk encryption,
largely focusing on things from an administrative perspective. With our
ever-growing dependence on electronic data storage, hard disk encryption is a
great way to keep your data safe and secure. However, with this added security,
disk encryption adds greater complexity, especially when you want to do
something out of the ordinary. Joel's talk will cover why one should use
encryption, how to create a Linux system with disk encryption, how to
efficiently boot a Linux system with multiple encrypted disks, how to
remotely restart an encrypted system, and a new method for performing
unattended upgrades on an encrypted system.

This will mostly be a technical talk, but there will be a little bit for
beginners and hopefully enough background information for an astute novice to
follow along with the rest of the talk.

ChicagoLUG Dotfiles Showdown
*****************************

So,  you think you have the most efficient developer or administrator system
setup amongst all of your developer or admin buddies?  Prove it! Show us your
best dotfiles in the ChicagoLUG Dotfiles Showdown!

We'll have a series of lightning talks (featuring you!). Share your `dotfiles`_
on our `ChicagoLUG github repository`_, and come prepared (or at least have
enough nerve) to step us through how your dotfiles help you to be more
productive.

Some helpful tips to consider as you think about what you might share:

  * Who will find your dotfiles beneficial? An introductory comment such as,
    "These dotfiles will be useful for vim-using admins" will help folks to
    get oriented as to what you have in store for them.
  * What software will users need to have installed to use your dotfiles in
    their own environment? Are there certain plugins that they'll need to have
    installed for your dotfiles to work?
  * How does your dotfile setup help you? What problem does it solve for you
    that you used to encounter? What does it not do to for you that you wish
    it did?
  * Be willing to provide a demo of some of the main features that your
    dotfiles provide. You might not have enough time to demo everything of
    what your dotfiles do, so be prepared to share some of the main things.

The best dotfiles demo will win a Raspberry Pi (not the latest model, sorry,
but it's still cool).

Foodstuffs
----------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`ChicagoLUG github repository`: https://github.com/chicagolug/Dotfiles
.. _`dotfiles`: http://zachholman.com/2010/08/dotfiles-are-meant-to-be-forked/
