November 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
========================================= 
:date: 2015-11-07 14:00
:tags: Freddy Martinez, Rob Dux, Bash, Scripting, Docker
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-11-07
:summary: During our November meeting, Linux Sysadmin Freddy Martinez will show us how to create and use our own Bash autocompletion functions.

Our November meeting is set for Saturday, November 7th, starting at 2:00pm, and
we'll be meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_. We'll be learning about Bash
autocompletion.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Bash Autocomplete, an Introduction
***********************************

Freddy Martinez is a Chicago based SysAdmin and long time LUG member. In his
talk, he will describe a very basic introduction into how bash auto-complete
functions and how you can create your own custom auto complete functions. We
will briefly look at how auto complete works, look at an example of how git
defines their shell functions and then describe a custom build function. The
talk will be introduction level and shouldn't require a lot of shell scripting
experience to follow along.

Docker in Immutable Infrastructure
**********************************

Rob Dux will walk us through how he uses Docker as part of an immutable
infrastructure work project and will take us through a how to set up a similar
environment ourselves.


RSVP
-----

Kindly RVSP on our `Meetup.com Page`_. We look forward to seeing you there!!

Foodstuffs
------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Meetup.com Page`: http://www.meetup.com/wclug-org/events/226505704/
