August 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
====================================== 
:date: 2015-08-15 14:00
:tags: Jorge Castro, Peter Baumgarten, Juju, AWS 
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-08-15
:summary: Learn about Juju from Canonical's server community lead, Jorge Castro, and learn about various components of Amazon Web Services from GNU/Linux admin, Peter Baumgarten.

Our August meeting is set for Saturday, August 15th, starting at 2:00pm, and we'll
be meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_. We'll be learning about Canonical's Juju
project, and will get an intro to Amazon Web Services' S3, as well.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Peter Baumgarten on Amazon S3
*****************************

Peter will provide a brief overview of using Amazon S3 as part of
system administration duties. If you're new to AWS (and S3 in
particular) this should be a good talk to check out.

Jorge Castro on Juju
********************
Jorge Castro will follow-up Peter's talk with a detailed look at Juju,
Canonical's server deployment and configuration tool. Jorge puts it this
way:

It's time to face the music: There's only a couple guys in Ops, and a
lot of infrastructure to set up and it was all due yesterday. If only
you could clone all the sysadmins of the world to get all of their
expertise and know-how in deploying applications, you could actually
get it done. This talk will cover how we're solving devops problems
with Ubunu Cloud and Juju and how we're enabling reusability,
repeatability, and reliability in cloud deployments. I'll be covering
simple solutions (like a blog), to complex clumps of services
(Hadoop), and show some of the work we've been doing to let people
manage Kubernetes, libswarm, and all the seemingly endless container
solutions out there.

This talk will cover the following things: What we'll show you:

- Real life running services in a cloud, no mockups or demos, we're
  going to do this for real!
- Take you through some devops workflows so you can test locally (and
  cheaply) and iterate before spending money in production.

If you want to follow along you can sign up to AWS, Azure, or GCE and
install `Juju`_ prior to the meeting, the target audience is someone
who:

- Is familiar with Linux system administration and associated tools.
- Has a working knowledge of public clouds and/or baremental

Jorge will be demoin'g Juju on AWS, Azure, and Google Compute Engine.


Foodstuffs
------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Juju`: http://jujucharms.com
.. _`Ansible`: http://ansible.com
