September 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
========================================= 
:date: 2015-09-30 18:30
:tags: Christopher Webber, Federating the Web, GNU Guix
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-09-30
:summary: Recent O'Reilly Open Source Award winner Christopher Allen Webber gives us a double dose of presentations for our September meeting - Federating the Web and GNU Guix. We will be meeting at the RedHat offices at 101 N. Wacker Drive at 6:30pm.

Chris Webber is making a stop in Chicago, and will be by at our next meeting of
the ChicagoLUG to discuss two things that are of great interest to him:
Federating the Web and the package manager, Guix. Our meeting will be held at
6:30pm on Wednesday, September 30th, at the `RedHat Chicago offices`_. Their
offices are located at 101 N. Wacker Drive.

Speaking Topics
---------------

Federating the Web
*******************
The web is theoretically free software, is powered by free and open
technologies, and yet seems to become less free and more centralized by the
day. How to take back the web? Christopher talks about the state of federation,
what's happening at the W3C Social Working Group on standardizing federation
standards, the ActivityPump spec, and how you can get involved in taking back
the net!


Functional Package Management and Deployment with Guix
*******************************************************

Tired of being stuck after an upgrade? Wish your operating system could roll
forward and backwards in time, more like Git? Want a way to get *really*
reproducible software? Or just want a better alternative to $YOUR_LANGUAGE's
stressful packaging ecosystem you can run on an existing distro? And why on
earth would you want something called a "symlink forest" anyway? Discover all
this and more in this exciting talk about `the GNU Guix`_ project!


RSVP
-----

Kindly RVSP on our `Meetup.com Page`_. We look forward to seeing you there!!


Foodstuffs
------------

Food will be provided by RedHat! Come enjoy Lou Malnatti's pizza with us!

.. _`RedHat Chicago offices`: https://goo.gl/maps/EjJ9r
.. _`the GNU Guix`: http://www.gnu.org/software/guix/
.. _`Meetup.com Page`: http://www.meetup.com/wclug-org/events/225423618/
