May 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
=================================== 
:date: 2015-05-16 19:00
:tags: Ryan Jarvien, Jim Campbell, MediaGoblin
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-05-16
:summary: Ryan Jarvinen of Red Hat will be discussing, "Open Platforms for Federated Futures", and Jim Campbell will be taking a look at GNU MediaGoblin internals. Note that we're meeting a bit later than normal for this month.

The meeting is set for Saturday, May 16th, starting at 7:00pm. We'll be
meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_. **Make note of the adjusted time!**

Speaking Topics
--------------------
 
Ryan Jarvinen, "Open Platforms for Federated Futures" 
*******************************************************

Ryan will be speaking on "Open Platforms for Federated Futures." His talk
will cover popular open standards for identity (e.g., open id, persona)
authentication (OAuth 1/2), and data (activity feeds, RSS), and will also
take a look at several new protocols for federated communication (e.g.,
pump.io, diaspora, tent.io, gnu social, etc.)


Jim Campbell, GNU MediaGoblin Internals
****************************************

Following-up on Ryan's "Open Platforms," discussion, Jim Campbell will be
presenting on GNU MediaGoblin internals. We'll have a look at what is new with
the 0.8 release and our ChicagoLUG instance of the platform.


Foodstuffs
------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Ryan Jarvinen`: http://ryanjarvinen.com
