January 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
======================================== 
:date: 2015-01-31 14:00
:tags: Carl Karsten, Bonnie King, PXE, inotify 
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-01-31
:summary: Carl Karsten will take us through PXE installations on Ubuntu, and Bonnie King will introduce us to the Linux utility, inotify.

The meeting is set for Saturday, January 31st, starting at 2:00pm. We'll be
meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_.

Speaking Topics
---------------
                                 
We'll be taking a look at some helpful utilities during this meeting. Carl
Karsten is going to demonstrate the ins-and-outs of using PXE to install Ubuntu
on bare metal machines. Carl uses this to automate setups of Ubuntu on
volunteer laptops as part of his `Next Day Video`_ service.

Bonnie King will be giving a talk on `inotify`_, a kernel subsystem that
monitors changes to a filesystem. We'll look at the kernel system
calls and how to use related commandline tools and other libraries. We'll also
discuss some examples of where inotify is used.


Foodstuffs
----------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Next Day Video`: http://www.nextdayvideo.com/
.. _`inotify`: http://lwn.net/Articles/604686/
