July 2015 Meeting of the ChicagoLUG
=================================== 
:date: 2015-07-18 14:00
:tags: Sten Turpin, Ansible 
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2015-07-18
:summary: If you want to learn how to use Ansible for deployment and configuration management, our July meeting should be a good meeting for you. Sten Turpin will lead a talk on Ansible, and we'll gain some hands-on experience with Ansible by "ansible-izing" the ChicagoLUG infrastructure. This will include configuring Nginx, Prosody XMPP, our Pelican-based website, mailing list, and (possibly) other services.

Our July meeting is set for Saturday, July 18th, starting at 2:00pm, and we'll
be meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_. We'll be learning about Ansible, and
will get some hands-on experience with it, too.

Speaking Topics
---------------
 
Sten Turpin, Ansible
********************
`Sten Turpin`_ will demonstrate `Ansible`_, which is an agent-less
deployment and configuration tool. Ansible is agent-less in the sense that it
operates over regular SSH, and doesn't require additional remote daemons to
work.

His talk will show us how to use Ansible Playbooks to both deploy and configure
services, and we'll have time to discuss various use cases and ask questions,
as well. At the close of Sten's talk we should have a reasonable idea of what
Ansible does and how to make it work well for us.


ChicagoLUG, Time to Hack
************************
What good is this knowledge without experience in using it, though? To make the
most of our newly-found knowledge we'll follow-up Sten's talk with some
hands-on Ansible hacking. Our focus will be on "ansible-izing" our ChicagoLUG
infrastructure, including our website, our GNU Mailman-based mailing list,
Prosody XMPP server, Nginx web server, GNU MediaGoblin instance, and more. This
will give us good, real-world experience with Ansible, and will also make our
infrastruture easier to configure and maintain in the future.

If you haven't used Ansible before, we encourage you to stay for this part
of the meeting, even if you're new to the ChicagoLUG.

Foodstuffs
------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Sten Turpin`: http://www.sud0.com/
.. _`Ansible`: http://ansible.com
