June 2016 Meeting - Talks on Qubes OS and Embedded Linux Systems
================================================================= 

:date: 2016-06-25 14:00
:tags: Freddy Martinez, Drew Fustini, Qubes OS, Embedded Linux 
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2016-06-25
:summary: In this meeting we will learn about about Qubes OS, a relativly new, security-focused GNU/Linux distribution. Freddy Martinez will discuss some of what makes it unique, as well as how it can be used in practice. Drew Fustini will also share some of what he learned during the recent Open Internet of Things and Embedded Linux Conference in San Diego.

Our June meeting is set for Saturday, June 25th, starting at 2:00pm, and we'll
be meeting at `Pumping Station: One`_.  We will take time to learn about Qubes OS, a relatively
new, security-focused GNU/Linux distribution. Freddy Martinez will discuss some of
what makes it unique, as well as how it can be used in practice. Embedded Linux developer Drew
Fustini will also share some of what he learned during the recent Linux Foundation, "Open Internet of
Things and Embedded Linux Conference," in San Diego.


Qubes OS in Practice - Freddy Martinez
---------------------------------------

`Qubes OS`_ is a GNU/Linux distribution with a unique take on security. Qubes
provides *security through compartimentalization*, separating your computing
actitivies into distinct, VM-managed computing environments.

Freddy will take us through the features of Qubes, as well as provide some
details for how it can be used in practice.

What's New in Embedded Linux - Drew Fustini
---------------------------------------------

Though most of us have heard about the many new *Internet of Things* products, the news
for the technical community has largely focused on the risks associated with how
these devices can be `insecure`_ and/or arrive with `little support`_. It's important
that we know how IoT devices are being developed, and how they can be developed properly.

Drew Fustini is here to help. Drew attended the `Open Internet of Things and Embedded Linux Conference`_
(OpenIoT & ELC 2016) in San Diego in April, and will share news of the latest
advancements and innovation in using Linux to develop embedded systems.

Foodstuffs
------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`Pumping Station: One`: http://chicagolug.org/locations/psone.html
.. _`Qubes OS`: https://www.qubes-os.org/tour/
.. _`insecure`: https://twitter.com/internetofshit/status/739895587282288640
.. _`little support`: https://twitter.com/iansteadman/status/564574611460063233
.. _`Open Internet of Things and Embedded Linux Conference`: http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/openiot-summit
