October 2016 Meeting - FLOSS in Engineering + FLOSS in Physics + Securing our Computers
=========================================================================================

:date: 2016-10-22 14:00
:tags: Bonnie King, Matthew Garrett, Rob Dux, FLOSS, Security, Engineering 
:category: Meetings
:slug: meetings/2016-10-22
:summary: We have a great meeting lined-up for October, featuring an Telynx engineering lightning talk, a look at FLOSS-usage at Fermilab, and a discussion on securing computers from highly-skilled attackers.

Our October meeting is set for Saturday, October 22nd, starting at 2:00pm, and
we'll be meeting at `the Telnyx offices`_.  We will get a quick overview of
FLOSS-technologies at Telnyx, and Bonnie King will show us how FLOSS supports
high-energy physics research at Fermilab. Matthew Garrett will wrap things up
with an extended talk on securing computers from highly skilled attackers. 

Telynx Engineering - Rob Dux
-----------------------------
An overview of FLOSS-based engineering technologies in use at Telynx.


Linux and Open Source at Fermilab - Bonnie King
-------------------------------------------------
High Energy Physics research has a legacy of using and contributing to Free
and Open Source Software. As a sysadmin at Fermilab, Bonnie will talk about
some current and upcoming experiments and the way Linux and FLOSS are put to
work in Physics research.


Securing Computers from Highly Skilled Attackers - Matthew Garrett
--------------------------------------------------------------------

The modern world keeps giving us demonstrations of governments finding new and
exciting ways to spy on computers. It's unlikely that you'll be the target of
any of this surveillance, but where governments start, criminals probably won't
be too far behind. `Matthew Garrett`_ will talk about some of the more
unsettling attacks seen in the past few years, but also discuss some of the
things normal users can do to protect against them.

RSVP
-----

RSVP's are not required, but are encouraged to help us with planning our food
order for the event. You can RSVP on our `Meetup`_ page.


Foodstuffs
------------

We will have food! Probably pizza! At least a few of us typically bring some
beverage to share, as well. We're a community-run organization, so we
recommend bringing a few dollars if you'd like to partake of the food. No one
will be denied a slice of tasty pizza for inability to chip-in, though.

.. _`the Telnyx offices`: https://goo.gl/maps/Vm5bwd4hpZU2
.. _`Matthew Garrett`: https://mjg59.dreamwidth.org/
.. _`Meetup`: https://www.meetup.com/wclug-org/events/234620847/
